And everyone, welcome back.
Let's start with the next problem, which is matching in this problem.
Matching.
It's a very, very nice problem.
And this is the problem that will make you understand it.
What does optimizing a records recursion mean?
There is an improvement rate in the first leg that I told you that learning programming is nothing but
optimizing recursion.
That's what this problem will help you understand.
So the men and women board numbered from 1 to 10 for each accommodate the complete compatibility of
men and women is given as an integer a comma.
So if age is one, men and women, they are compatible.
If it is equal to zero, then Tara is trying to make an birth.
Each consisting of a man and a woman were compatible.
So he's trying to make end pairs he has to make.
And because each man and woman must belong to exactly one pair.
So that means a man cannot belong to two women.
Right.
And vice versa.
That's not true.
So each man and woman can must belong to exactly one pair that every man should be paired up with one
woman, and they must belong to exactly one particular fit.
Right.
So it's kind of like one one mapping, right?
1 to 1 mapping to find the number of ways in which tarot can make and boost models.
And by nine plus seven, they and see the constant constants as soon as they even it looks like a brute
force might work.
So that's what we are going to do in this whole tutorial.
We'll just go to brute force, nothing else.
Okay, so here age is zero or one.
So firstly, I just pause the video, try yourself, think about it and let's see the example input.
He began to see the first man incompatible with the second woman and third woman.
A man is compatible with first and third woman and a third man is compatible with all three women's
eight.
So.
Here we have three magic's possibilities.
These are the three magics that first man with second woman, second man with first woman.
And so it's kind of like a marriage problem if you've heard about it.
They.
So what you can say is you're going to call it a bipartisan meeting.
But in this, what we have to do is we have to find out all possible ways.
We have to find a total number of ways.
Otherwise, those kind of problems like Mexican by border inventing problems that can be solved using
maximum flows algorithm which I have already discussed.
Get off to the algorithms.
Eight.
So that's a different thing, right?
But this is in which we have to find out all possible ways, not the maximum edging or something here.
We know that maximum hedging has to be golden.
It means all of them should be matched to.
Right.
So here we have a second set and here we have a third set.
These three.
Types of meetings are possible.
A bit of support here in the second output.
It looks like an and green problem and green problem solution.
If I'm not wrong, see this.
But what happens in in green problem?
If I placed the queen, that means I cannot place a queen on the same row or on the same column or not
even on the diagonal.
So here we can see no two queens intersect with each other.
Rachel The example of an and queen problem where we can see the first one matches with the second once
again matches with the fourth, third matches with the first and fourth matches with the third.
That means there are four ones and there's only this one possibility.
It's a kind of and green only goes if if if I'm not wrong it's kind of and green problem only here.
What we have to do is we have to.
Yeah.
So but in this, what happens is it's like rookie matching, not going matching.
And so in Queen matching, what we can do is there shouldn't be any other event on the same diagonal.
But in matching, what happens if you've heard about the rook placing a problem in duplicate placing
problem, what happens is that you have a chessboard and crossing and you get you have to you can place
rooks, you have to place and rooks on it.
It's a similar problem.
So let me discuss that also.
Then we come back to this.
Not a big deal.
Buddy.
Rook matching.
So Rook is also going 40 inches rate.
So what happens is arrogantly moves at the light left up or down.
That means in the same row, in the same column.
Let's see.
All men and all women are compatible.
But what.
What I have to do is in.
So let me one index them by one.
So it means that I have to place rugs such that no two rugs intersect with each other.
This is one possibility or the second possibility.
This is a strong possibility.
It means every row is paired with every column.
One way or the.
It.
But this is what this problem demands, that you have to select one such kind of be able to tell us
how much that how many these kind of possibilities are possible because that.
No.
Two looks intersect.
Eight.
That means every day is going into every column.
They all have beards.
If you can relate, that's good.
Otherwise, let's not worry about it.
Move over to the dining programming approach and then you can come back and check this out again.
Well.
So I'm not raising it.
So it's kind of that only here we have zero, of course, no compatibility.
And here it's a big solution just to check whether we are getting correct answers or not.
Right.
So how can it start with a brute force rate so brute force won't be tough?
What is a brute force solution for this if I try if I use backtracking in all of these things.
Simple rate trial possible ways.
So what we'll do is we will simply see that.
I'm writing a book for solution.
Let me name it deep.
Let's call it state.
Deep State.
It's like DB, i.e. Goma.
And here I never said it, so I never said it.
And it's called it.
Said W h so.
Or let's say Mama w m women and w for women where m let's take M to be an integer, which will start
from one and go Dylan and it will start merging all then all the elements.
All the men.
And here we have a set of women that is there to get these many women available right now.
What happens is, if I'm dating a brute force audition, I'm just talking about the brute force of the
guys and nothing else.
And I'm trying to match a men.
Here.
I'm trying.
Let's start from one goal.
So I'm trying to match men one with the woman.
Who is like, what do we call it?
Who is compatible with me.
I'm trying to.
MAN Match.
Man one with a woman who is compatible with him.
First of all, that means eof one comma.
Let's say a matching with x woman is true.
This is one in the given to be in the given table.
Rachel, to hear what we have is bb1.
And initially goes, how many women are available?
All women are there in the street.
No woman is taken.
That means no woman is buried up till now.
So men win at all possibilities.
So yeah, I'm just writing a brute force and we'll backtrack and do the stuff.
So here I have a set, which is all the ultimate bait.
Let me take this first example, which is the only.
So how many women are available for him to be compatible with and matched all three women?
Eight.
But I can only imagine man with a woman if she's available in the city, and secondly, she's compatible
with him.
So one can measure two in three, as we can easily see.
Sorry for this.